it is about the third day of our cruise
I believe we've gone from Copenhagen up
to the fjord in Norway which we just saw
and then we've had two days at sea going
north from Norway and north and
north-east to a place called spitsbergen
now we are in we are going above the
80th parallel and to give you a
comparison if you went south to
Antarctica Antarctica which you think of
as being very south right it's on the
60th parallel so we're going 20 degrees
more north we're almost at the North
Pole at a place called spitsbergen and I
thought it would take you outside and
let you see what time what it looks like
outside it does 1130pm it's 1140 p.m. as
a matter of fact let's go outside and
see what it looks like
I we're headed outside now there is the
skies were overcast so it's not as
bright as it would be but this is 1130
p.m. at night
and it is it's an overcast sky but it
basically looks like noon out here
if you were a noon on a rainy day and
here's Spitsbergen it's about as far
north as you can get
ever coal mine here and if you'd like
you can see there's a
there this is tucked in for the winter
these buildings
that's for sure
we didn't stay in Spitsbergen very long
it's available coal coal mining town and
all those little houses or where the
coal miners live year-round and I guess
just a few months of the year it opens
up to where a cruise ship I'm occasional
cruise ship will come in and check it
out but what I really love with this was
this beautiful statue to the coal miner
which is right in the middle of the
little square and next to it was a
grocery store where all the miners get
all their stuff which is actually pretty
well stocked but Spitsbergen a very
interesting place
you